all the things that I encourage accountability are one of my favorites
this would be ownership so throughout your command throughout your
division throughout your department and even you know just in general
people respond better when they feel as if they own something and
that simple you know notion will encourage someone to be accountable
for their equipment before program so throughout your team to develop
or encourage accountability would be to give a sailor program and
sit down and communicate with them your expectations in your standards
and encourage them to make this program the bass door you know to
pass an expansion you know whatever it may be but that sense of ownership
encourages accountability along but you just have to be the
leaders to find that that that sailor that you can apply to that program
you know move for so ownership encourages accountability mopping